Computer Networks Security from Scratch to Advanced-
By the end of this course you will be fully aware of the wired and wireless computer networks basics, devices, and protocols in a step-by-step pace. 
You will also reach the professional level in networks security in terms of concepts, technologies, and tools. 
The course requires no background or pre-requisite, yet you will be able to understand all the up-to-date terminologies in the networks security during the lectures.
https://www.udemy.com/course/computer-networks-security-from-scratch-to-advnaced/?couponCode=63E5B8E8C705311EA96C


Learning Analytics Through R-
There is incredible growth and a lot of opportunities comes with the growth of the analytics industry. 
Thus it has become imperative to acquire essential skills with the rapidly changing industry requirement.
It requires the professionals to acquire new skills to move ahead with the latest developments of the industry.
This course will take you to the top of the game. 
With it, you can get the increment in salary, promotions, and security in career. Perfecting your skills can take you on the path of growth and there is no looking back after this.
https://www.udemy.com/course/learning-analytics/?couponCode=ANALYTICS15



Adobe Photoshop CC- Basic Photoshop training-
The way this course have been designed is made to teach you step by step how to properly use Adobe Photoshop. 
In other words, you will learn everything you need to know to be able to work properly with this software.
From importing pictures to basic modification, colors and many other things you will have everything you need to start your Adobe Photoshop journey and be able to make your own creation an art work. 
My goal with this course is really to help you be able to use photoshop in a multitude of ways to be able to use it for different types of project.
This could be for example for a basic picture modification or a complexes website designing or art work. In the end, this course will give a complete introduction to this software and you will be able to use it for any task.
https://www.udemy.com/course/adobe-photoshop-cc-basic-photoshop-training/?couponCode=B9E8E7BC43D9615F7FDC
